BOYD: Previously on From...
(MUSIC BOX PLAYS)
MARTIN: You ever wonder
if Abby was right?
What if it's all just a dream?
Who did you come here with?
My mother.
She was nice.
What are you drawing?
Things I've seen.
It's good to draw them
when you see them
so even if you forget.
pictures remember.
When Christopher
started seeing
that symbol. things changed.
He changed. Everyone died.
TABITHA: I've seen this.
JADE: Yeah. like in
a vision or something?
TABITHA: No. on the walls
in the tunnels.
What tunnels?
JIM: You heard
the voice on the radio.
That means that there are
people out there
who can see us.
And what part of you thinks
that that's a good sign?
You already got people's hopes
up with your goddamn tower...
All the more reason that we...
To keep our fucking
mouths shut.
What if I told you
that drone might get you home
in time for
your nephew's birthday?
Experiments have been
going on like this
for a long. long time.
This radio's pretty trashed.
Well. the radio's
not the problem.
I can handle the radio.
And it never occurred to you
that some of the people here
might be in on it?
How else do you keep
the experiment on track?
KRISTI:
You really did it.
You killed one of them.
What do we do
with the body?
KRISTI: This is our chance
to learn about them.
We can open them up. see what
they look like on the inside.
Fuck!
Stop!
Fuckin' piece of shit!
Okay. stop it!
Stop! Hey!
Kristi. hey. hey! Stop!
KENNY: You really think
injecting them
with that stuff's gonna
kill them?
Honestly. I got
no fucking idea.
It's the
best chance we got.
How are we even
gonna test it?
JULIE: I do have this
little trick though.
For when things really
start to get to me.
I fill up the bathtub
and I sink down just enough
so that the water
is level with my ears.
and I just sit like that
for a while. and I breathe.
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
(MUFFLED SCREAMING)
(TERRIFYING WOMAN WAILING)
Ma.
(BOTH SPEAKING CANTONESE)
(PHONE RINGING)
(PHONE RINGS)
Hello?
(MAN WHISPERING) They touch.
they break. they steal.
No one here is free.
Hello?
Here they come.
they come for three.
unless you stop the melody.
Who is this?
They touch.
they break. they steal...
(BUZZING. CHIRPING)
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
(BUZZING)
(SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(SHOUTS)
(GRUNTING)
What the fuck?
(QUE SERA. SERA
(WHATEVER WILL BE.
WILL BE) PLAYS)
♪♪ When I was just
a little boy
♪♪ I asked my father
♪♪ "What will I be?"
♪♪ "Will I be handsome?"
♪♪ "Will I be rich?"
♪♪ Here's what he said to me
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ Whatever will be will be
♪♪ The future's
not ours to see
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ What will be will be
♪♪ Now I have
children of my own
♪♪ They ask their father
♪♪ "What will I be?"
♪♪ "Will I be pretty?"
♪♪ "Will I be rich?"
♪♪ I tell them tenderly
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ Whatever will be will be
♪♪ The future's
not ours to see
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ What will be will be
♪♪ Que sera sera ♪♪
So what's the point?
Well. I told you.
once we re-establish
connection
we can start as--
No. no. no. no. no.
Not the antenna.
I'm talking about this.
Let's say this is
one real big experiment.
For what?
Well. there's a lot
of value in seeing
how far you can push
someone before they break.
Look what this place
did to that girl Sara.
The one that
tried to hurt your kid?
Yeah.
I'll tell you. the fact
that she's still breathing.
you got a lot more
restraint than I do.
I'm not gonna let this place
turn me into
something I'm not.
Shit. they really
wanna break people.
I got a few ex-girlfriends
they could hire.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
All right.
let's give it a shot.
(WHIRRING)
There we are.
Keep going.
Yup.
Well. go. go higher.
Uh. that's it.
What?
That's it!
All right.
bring it down.
I got it. I got it.
Look. let's say
this thing works.
why would the people running
this thing wanna talk to you?
They already
did it once.
Were they trying to help
or were they just tryin'
to fuck with your head?
I mean. look at this.
look at where we are.
Listen. if you don't
wanna help. you...
I'm not saying that.
I just...
Look. if someone out here
really wanted to help.
they would find
a way to help.
I still think we'd be
better off looking at
the people in here.
Like. something this big.
You'd have to have
someone on the inside.
Ah. you can't just start
throwing around accusations...
I'm not saying accuse.
I just...
When you got here.
who told you what was what?
Who laid out
all the rules?
Boyd. Donna. Father Khatri.
Father who?
Khatri.
He died.
That night they got
into the Colony House.
Well. did you see it?
See what?
Did you see
the priest get killed?
No.
It happened outside
the Sheriff's station.
I wasn't there.
Right.
And of all the people that
died since you've been here.
how many times have you
actually seen it happen?
What's your point?
Well. what if the people
these "monsters" are killing.
what if they're
all in on it?
I mean. you wanna scare
the shit outta people.
you need
a body count. right?
Maybe that's why they
say when you get here.
you gotta keep
your blinds down.
'Cause God forbid
you're lookin'
out your window at night.
No.
What about
that guy. Brick?
What about Tom?
I didn't see it happen.
Did you?
I mean. yeah.
I saw a body the next day.
but I didn't get close enough
to see if that shit was real.
Have you seen one ounce
of proof that anyone here
has actually...
Nathan.
What?
Sara's brother.
She killed him.
slit his throat.
Or she didn't.
Let's just imagine for
a second that I'm right.
and everyone here
that dies is in on it.
It's gonna mean
one of two things.
One. they pushed Sara
so far that
she actually killed someone.
which. you know.
maybe she did.
Or. like everything else.
that whole thing with Nathan.
him arriving just in
time to save your kid.
what if that's
all just for show?
Maybe poor little Sara's
not as broken as you think.
(DOOR OPENS)
Hey. Sara.
I was gonna
come by and check on you...
I wanna go back out.
Excuse me?
To the woods.
I wanna go back.
I'll pack a bag.
take a talisman.
What if you were right?
What if the answers
are out there?
Maybe we just didn't
go out far enough.
Well. we went far enough
that whatever's out there
put us right
the fuck back here.
So that's it?
We just give up?
I didn't say that.
I get it.
People need you here.
You shouldn't be out there.
but I can...
Just let me do this.
Okay. Why...
Why do you wanna
go out there?
Because I wanna help.
I'm sure you do.
but that's not why
you wanna leave. So...
There's no place for me here.
No one even wants me here. and
they're right. I shouldn't...
This is something
I can do.
There's a difference
between going out there
and running away from here.
Leaving? That'd feel good.
It'd be easy.
We don't get to do
easy anymore.
I can't just sit
in that church anymore.
There's nothing for me to do.
Nowhere for me to go.
Okay. Good. now we're talking
about problems we can fix.
Down there.
That's where
I saw your symbol.
and it's...
also the first time
I saw the children.
And those. uh. those things
that come out at night.
they're down there too?
Yeah.
All right.
This has to mean something.
It can't...
It can't be a coincidence.
Why?
How much do you know
about chaos theory?
A butterfly... a butterfly
flaps its wings in Wyoming.
A month later there's
a tsunami in Japan.
and on the surface
the two events
appear entirely unrelated
but in reality there is
an intricate set
of connections...
Jade. what the fuck
are you talking about?
It's not an accident.
We just...
We need more information
to see how they're connected.
Well. I'm not gonna
go back in there.
(LAUGHING)
Yeah. no shit.
I mean.
you'd have to be crazy...
Motherfucker.
What?
Did Victor see it?
You told me Victor
was down there with you.
Did he see the symbol
on the walls?
Of course. He was
the one that pointed it out.
Of course. I asked him.
I asked him. point blank.
He promised to tell me
everything he knew
about that symbol. yet somehow
he manages to leave out...
You know. in the entire
Venn diagram of crazy that
you and I have seen
there's one
single point of overlap.
(KNOCKS)
Hi.
Uh. is Ethan home?
Um. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. Come on in.
I'll...
I'll wait out here.
Okay.
Ethan!
Victor's here!
You know.
I never got to thank you
for everything that you did
that night at Colony House.
I mean.
getting me out of there.
You saved my life.
Okay.
(FOOTSTEPS ON STAIRS)
Hi.
VICTOR: Hi.
'Kay. I'll be ready
in two minutes.
Okay.
We're going to help
Mrs. Liu at the diner.
I brought you something.
Are you gonna come in?
No. you have
to come outside.
Why?
Because you have to
try it on.
Come.
It's getting cold
and you'll need a coat soon.
This used to be mine.
Can you see if it fits?
Yeah.
(MURMURS)
Here.
I drew this for you.
Uh. I don't want this.
Why?
Because pictures are
for things that are gone.
But what if
something happens to me?
You forget
a lot of stuff.
I wouldn't want
you to forget me.
I said.
don't talk like that.
Well. if you don't keep it.
I don't want the coat.
'Kay. you ready?
We gotta go.
Wanna come?
Okay.
Come on.
Nice jacket.
Thanks.
BOYD: Are you sure
you shouldn't be in bed?
I mean. no. I'm fine.
You know. I'm not gonna be
doing any push-ups
anytime soon.
but I feel great.
Seriously.
Did Kristi
check you out?
Yeah. yeah. and she's more
surprised than you.
And what about Dale?
Donna's locked him
up in his room.
Dad. everything's fine.
What are you smiling about?
(CHUCKLES)
I have some news.
Corey said you were
looking for me?
Oh. yeah. I'll uh...
Uh. one sec. Yeah.
I'll tell you later.
Okay. Get some rest.
All right. Dad.
Look. Dad I'm good.
but go ahead.
Hey.
Are you out of
your fucking mind?
I really don't
need this today. Boyd.
I have a headache like
you would not believe.
I'm not asking you
to let her stay here.
Look. just throw me a bone.
Give her something to do.
Anything. I don't care.
She just wants
to feel useful.
Okay. I'll do what I can.
Thank you.
But we have bigger problems
right now than
Sara being bored.
I got a house full of
people on their last nerve.
a madman locked
in the bedroom.
and last night Elgin
almost drowned in his sleep.
What? He what?
(KNOCKING)
Come in.
Hey.
I heard about what
happened last night.
What are you doing?
I found these in
one of the closets.
Helps me relax.
Huh.
Wanna tell me
about it?
This nightmare of yours.
I was. uh...
I was sitting
in the bathtub.
in my dream.
and something
pushed me under the water.
Then I guess
someone shook me awake.
and I started
spitting up water and uh...
How's that even possible?
You didn't tell anybody
about anything that happened
at the clinic. did you?
(EXHALES)
Well. I got
some good news.
We. uh. pulled something
out of that thing.
something
that might help us.
So you think
it's like a poison?
Well. it could be.
The only problem is we gotta
figure out how to get this
inside another
one of those things
without getting
ourselves killed.
You have a gun. right?
Yeah.
So make some
silver bullets.
Huh.
No. you're making that up.
I'm not.
Julie. tell him it's real.
What's real?
The Internet.
Oh. Yeah. yeah.
that's a thing.
Told you.
(SPEAKS CANTONESE)
You come carry.
You're up.
Are you just gonna
wear that thing all day?
I like it.
It smells musty.
(SPEAKS CANTONESE)
You put here.
What's this?
Where did you...
Where did you
get that?
It was in the pocket.
What's wrong?
(SNIFFLING)
I need you to be brave.
JADE:
There you are! He's in here!
Listen. we gotta talk.
I have to go.
Huh? Nah. Come here.
ETHAN: Hey. what're you doing?
Hey!
We made a deal. remember?
I play you the song.
you tell me about the symbol.
Hey!
Leave him alone.
I told you
about the symbol.
Yeah. you sure
you told me everything?
You didn't tell me you
saw it on the wall
down in those tunnels?
Hey! Relax! Relax!
ETHAN: What tunnel?
Victor. we just want
to talk to you.
No. I have to go.
Hey! Give me one reason...
Mom. what's going on?
Stay here. honey.
JADE: Right? One reason
why you wouldn't mention...
Jade!
that you saw this symbol on
the wall down
in those tunnels!
Just give me one!
It's not important.
Yes it is! Goddammit. stop!
Hey. Jade! Stop it!
Stop it! Stop it!
No. no!
I am done fucking around!
You. hey. look at me!
You don't get to pick
and choose what you tell us!
Everything...
Everything you know.
everything you've seen.
it all matters.
because that may
be how we go home.
Don't you want that?
Huh?
Wouldn't you like
to go home?
This is my home.
What is wrong
with you?
Is it just physically
impossible for you
not to be an asshole
for longer than 10 minutes?
Great.
you're yelling at me again.
Fuck off.
That didn't take very long.
Victor!
(DOOR OPENS)
Sara.
Uh. we were wondering
if we could
talk to you for a minute.
About what?
We're just trying to get
our head around a few things.
This is Randall.
He came on...
I know who he is.
What do you wanna know?
You came
with your brother.
Where were you going?
Back to Boston.
Where were you
coming from?
Why does it matter?
What's going on?
We're just trying
to figure out
if there's any pattern to
how people end up here.
We just want your help.
Pennsylvania.
I was living in New Hope.
but it... it wasn't...
Nathan came to
bring me back home.
So you guys were close?
He was my best friend.
That day at the barn...
No. I don't want
to talk about that.
Sara...
I know you didn't
want to hurt Ethan.
I know that.
And what this place
did to you.
it isn't fair. but please...
Is your brother
still alive?
What?
It's a simple
fucking question.
Ease up.
The hell is going on?
(RANDALL CHUCKLES)
It's convenient.
Excuse me?
You just show up here
out of nowhere the moment
we start asking
fucking questions?
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Nothing.
Boyd says you're looking
for ways to be helpful.
I got a bunch of clothes
that need stitching. You sew?
Yeah.
Great. Here you go.
You start with that.
You two get
the fuck out.
Who are you. huh?
You think you're
some kinda big shot?
Got a little power?
Little pull? Huh?
You like that. right?
You know what you are?
You're a fucking
toll booth operator.
You're gonna want
to leave right now.
All right.
everything's fine.
Everything's okay.
We're gonna go right now.
Let's go.
(SCOFFS)
You okay?
Why were they
talking about Nathan?
Why do they
think he's alive?
(EXHALES)
What was that?
What was what?
You wanna figure
this thing out
or you wanna be
everyone's friend?
Look. I saw the look
on her face when you
asked her about Nathan.
She doesn't know anything.
Well. Donna might.
No. that's exactly
what we cannot...
We cannot go around
assuming every little thing.
Okay. look.
We need to watch.
What?
It's what you said
about people
keeping their shades drawn
at night.
These things that
come from the forest.
we need to see what they do
when they don't know
they're being watched.
And how to do that?
You go back to the bus.
go about your day.
When it gets closer to dark.
you sneak out.
you meet me at the RV.
We'll stay the night
out there.
Maybe see some things
they don't want us to see.
Hey.
Dad!
Hey. how's it going
in here?
Good. we're just
getting ready to clean up.
Where's your mom?
She said she was
going to Colony House.
Victor and Jade were in here.
and Jade started
yelling at him.
So I think Mom just
went to go check on him.
(EXHALES)
Are you okay?
Yeah. come here. I wanna
talk to you for a second.
What's up?
I'm not gonna be
home tonight.
I've got an idea.
something that can
get us outta here.
I just need some
time to figure it out.
But I'm gonna be fine.
I got a talisman.
I'm gonna be inside.
Inside where?
I'm gonna stay
the night in the RV.
I'm telling you this
so you won't worry.
When you see your mom.
you tell her I'm all right.
Okay?
Please be careful.
Always.
Jim. Can I have a word?
Look. if this is
about before...
You some kind of moron?
What?
What is wrong
with you?
I'm just looking for answers.
same as everybody else.
By taunting Sara?
Come on.
You asked if her
brother was still alive.
Look. I tried to
talk to you about this.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Is this about that
fucking voice on the radio?
Why do you say it
like it's strange
that I don't wanna
just let it go?
Don't even tell me you put
this shit in Randall's head.
Listen...
No. you fucking listen.
That guy is
a fucking powder keg.
If you start putting
ideas in his head. we...
I didn't tell him
about the voice. okay?
Talking to Sara was stupid.
I get it.
We all just wanna
go home.
Are we done?
Yeah.
Okay.
Victor. I need you
to be brave.
(WHIMPERS)
But I'm scared.
Everything's gonna
be okay.
You just...
You just draw
your pictures.
And no matter
what happens.
you do not come
out until morning.
I love you.
(CRYING)
Mom!
(KNOCKING)
Hello.
May I come in?
Yeah.
I just wanted to say thank you
for the coat you gave Ethan.
That's very thoughtful
of you.
Hm.
I remember these.
Ethan said he found it
in one of the pockets.
that you were upset.
Can I have that.
please?
Yeah. of course.
Yeah. I... I hadn't...
I hadn't seen it
in a long time.
Victor...
Why didn't you tell
Jade we saw
that symbol in the tunnels?
Because. it's not
good to ask questions.
It's not good.
People shouldn't
go looking for answers.
Why not?
'Cause they don't come back.
But looking for answers
is our only way out.
I don't think
there is a way out.
Well. I know you're afraid
that bad things
might happen. but...
but Victor. bad things
happen here no matter what.
If you know something
that could help us...
(EXHALES)
My... My mother said
that we were going home.
The night that the bad
things happened. she sa...
she said... I don't...
What?
What did she say. Victor?
I don't... I don't remember.
Come on. Victor.
please.
I don't... I don't remem...
(MUMBLES)
Pictures might.
Well. your pictures
were inside the house
when it collapsed.
No. not these pictures.
I put them somewhere else.
I put them away somewhere
where I would never
have to look at them.
so I would never
have to remember.
So that no one else
would die.
Do you know
where you put them?
(KNOCKS)
Hey. I. um...
What happened there?
Oh. I uh...
I don't know.
Somehow I managed to
burn myself in my sleep.
It's nothing.
What?
Nothing.
Um. Elgin.
that kid from the bus.
he had a pretty
interesting idea
about how we test our theory.
Okay.
Silver bullets.
What?
You take the bullets.
dip them
in the bile. coat them.
fire from a safe distance.
Then we see.
We're gonna need
the rest of that bile.
I'm headin' there now.
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
Just deep breaths. okay?
We gotta get
the fuck outta here.
What's going on?
Something's happening
downstairs.
(MARI BREATHS UNSTEADILY)
It's okay. deep breaths.
Are you sure the sound was
coming from the boiler room?
What were you doing
down there?
Does it matter?
I haven't...
Uh. this just happened.
Do you really think
that thing could...
I don't know.
If you see anything
come up from up these stairs.
you run.
do you understand me?
Yeah.
Okay.
You don't need
to be down here.
I'm good.
(RUSTLING)
Go upstairs.
No.
Come on.
(GRUNTS)
(RUSTLING)
(INHALES)
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
(RUSTLING)
What the fuck?
Boyd.
No. Boyd. wait.
Hey.
Wa...
(BUZZING)
(BUZZING. CHIRPING)
Get her some water.
No. I... This is what
I was talking about earlier.
Right.
I... I saw those
things in the dream!
I saw those!
I...
In my dream
I hung up the phone
and I heard the exact
same buzzing.
All right? And I looked
inside a pot
and it was full of them.
Look. okay.
let's just try to calm down.
Wait.
Elgin said that he...
he had a dream
that he was drowning
and then he started
spitting up water.
and you had cicadas
in your dreams
and those bugs are swarming
in that thing downstairs?
No. it wasn't just the bugs.
When the music box
started playing.
one of them jumped out
and it burned my arm.
Is that what you...
Yes.
I'm sorry.
are you honestly saying
that our fucking
dreams can hurt us now?
Marielle.
DONNA: Kristi?
Hey.
You here?
I was hoping I borrow s...
You look glum.
(EXHALES)
What the fuck's
going on?
Victor?
You're a nice lady
and Ethan is my friend.
and I... I wanna help.
I know you do.
But I'm afraid to remember.
I know. but I need you
to be brave. Victor.
That's what my mother
said to me that night.
It's right through here. so...
I saw you less
than two hours ago.
When the fuck were you
planning to tell me
about this?
I'm telling you now.
No. I walked in on you
and caught you.
It's not the same.
I needed time to...
I just didn't want anybody
jumping to conclusions.
And since when
am I just anybody?
Donna...
No. no. no.
Don't give me that
patronising bullshit.
You came to my house
this morning.
looked me straight in the eye.
and you asked me
for a goddamn favour.
knowing full well
this thing was down here.
Okay. you're right!
I should've said something.
I'm sorry. Okay?
It won't happen again.
And you think you pulled
something out of it
that can help kill the rest.
Well. found something
that's worth trying.
All right. well. let's get
a look at this thing then.
'Kay.
Just watch your step.
There's...
What the fuck?
Jesus.
Piece of shit.
There were bugs.
Hundreds of them.
crawling out of the body.
Look. Kenny
saw them too.
They probably
scattered.
We closed the door.
You need to burn
this thing.
Now.
(GRUNTS)
(KENNY AND BOYD
BREATHING HEAVILY)
Make sure you
get it out far enough
people don't see the smoke
and get curious.
Right.
Just push it in.
So. look. this stuff
with the dreams...
Yeah?
We burn the body.
and that should take care
of whatever's...
has been...
Still. it's probably
a good idea
if people sleep in shifts.
Just in case.
What about Sara?
I'll bring her to
the Sheriff's station.
You and Marielle
should come too.
Hey. look.
I've seen withdrawal before.
and that's about to get
a whole lot worse
before it gets better.
I'm not staying under
the same roof as Sara.
We'll stay at Colony House.
if that's okay?
More the merrier.
All right.
Um. I forgot.
Do you have any aspirin?
No. sorry.
Great. Fucking monster bile
and no aspirin.
Try a warm compress.
Fuck right off.
(CHUCKLES)
Wait. Don't want...
KENNY: Oh. Jesus.
Oh. great.
TABITHA:
Are they in there?
Do you want me to look?
(MUMBLING)
(GRUNTING)
(CREAKING)
Victor. I need you
to be brave.
I am counting on you.
No.
No. please.
Hey. it's okay.
Victor. Victor.
what's wrong?
No. no. no.
What's wrong?
No matter what happens.
you cannot leave.
No.
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
VICTOR'S MOTHER: You need
to protect your sister.
Please don't go. Mommy.
These aren't mine.
They're not mine.
What?
They were hers.
You just draw
your pictures. okay?
And you stay here all night.
and when I come back.
we're gonna go home.
I love you.
No!
Oh my God.
Victor. Victor. Victor.
It's okay. It's okay.
Okay. Okay.
Protect your sister.
Mom. no! No!
Mommy! No! No!
(MUMBLES)
Victor. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
No!
Yes. It's okay.
Mommy. wait!
Please. I wanna come with you!
YOUNG VICTOR:
Eloise. no!
Okay. it's okay.
(SOBBING)
It's okay.
Eloise?
Eloise? Come back.
(GROANS)
Donna.
Hey.
I come in peace.
What do you want?
To apologise.
Sincerely. Um...
Look. I know we got off
on the wrong foot.
Uh.
I was just
hoping that we could talk.
We're all in this together.
Okay.
You wanna do the honours?
Yeah.
(WHOOSHING)
(CRACKLES)
You know. I thought I'd gotten
so used to being scared
that it just felt normal.
This feels different.
I know.
I mean. it's one thing
having monsters
come out of the forest.
They start coming
out of our dreams?
That's a kind of scary
I can't even imagine.
Yup.
My mother told us to hide.
and I...
I was supposed to
take care of her.
Protect her.
But she was so scared
that she ran. And I...
I was so afraid that I...
I-I should've have
run after her and...
Victor.
you were just a little boy.
But I... I didn't come out
until morning.
We should go.
Victor. what is this?
That's...
Eloise said that that's where
my mother went that night.
The night
the bad things happened.
She went to save the children
locked in the tower.
See? That was fun.
Yeah.
You do good work.
You come back tomorrow.
Hi. Sheriff!
How you doing there.
young man?
Good.
You guys working?
Mm-hm.
Yup.
Right.
(CICADAS CHIRPING)
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
MAN: Oh. God!
Help. somebody!
Help me! Please!
Please. I need help!
Oh. God!
Randall?
Jim?
(GRUNTS)
Randall. what the fuck?
New plan.
(CLOSING THEME MUSIC PLAYING)